.TH "osp3-poll" "1" "2024-04-08" "osp3" "ODROID Smart Power 3 Utilities"
.SH "NAME"
.LP
osp3\-poll \- poll log entries from an ODROID Smart Power 3
.SH "SYNPOSIS"
.LP
\fBosp3\-poll\fP
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP
Poll log entries from an ODROID Smart Power 3.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP
.TP
\fB\-h\fP, \fB\-\-help\fP
Print the help message and exit.
.TP
\fB\-p\fP, \fB\-\-path\fP
Device path (default: /dev/ttyUSB0).
.br
No file, "", or "\-" uses standard input.
.TP
\fB\-b\fP, \fB\-\-baud\fP
Device baud rate (default: 115200).
.TP
\fB\-t\fP, \fB\-\-timeout\fP
Read timeout in milliseconds (default: 2000).
.br
Use 0 for blocking read.
.TP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-num\fP
Stop after N log entries.
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-parse\fP
Disable log entry parsing verification.
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-checksum\fP
Disable log entry checksum verification.
.SH "EXAMPLES"
.TP
\fBosp3\-poll\fP
Use default settings.
.TP
\fBosp3\-poll \-p /dev/ttyUSB1\fP
Use the device at /dev/ttyUSB1.
.TP
\fBosp3\-poll \-b 921600\fP
Use baud rate 921600.
.TP
\fBosp3\-poll \-t 50\fP
Use a 50 millisecond read timeout.
.TP
\fBosp3\-poll \-n 100\fP
Stop after 100 log entries are read.
.TP
\fBosp3\-poll \-p /dev/ttyUSB2 \-b 9600 \-t 1000 \-n 500\fP
Poll the device at /dev/ttyUSB2 with baud rate 9600 and a 1 second timeout,
stopping after 500 log entries.
.TP
\fBosp3\-poll \-\-no\-parse \-\-no\-checksum\fP
Poll without parsing or checksum verification (not recommended).
.SH "BUGS"
.LP
Report bugs upstream at <https://github.com/energymon/osp3>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP
\fBosp3\-dump\fP(1)